okay it's a 2001 Ford Explorer symptoms
uh I have no
low speed median and what you need to do
is you need to get down in there so you
have to remove this out of here now this
is just held in with pins and it fits
right down in here that it and pop the
screw off of here for the assembly
something up here two bolts one there in
there and I'm not doing in there as well
and what we're after is that thing way
down in there the resistor of some type
anyway I'll show you a little more when
I get this pizza
oh yes and also this right here was in
there just pop the bolts out of there
unplug the wire and set it aside
okay okay no problem found this is what
we were looking for and this is what we
found on this one the plug so I think
what I'm gonna do is just replace this
wire it could have been just a bad
connection and it shorted out and then I
replaced this end here and plug it back
in and see if it works
because everything looks good there
aside from the rust I'm gonna clean that
out in there a little bit that resistor
I suppose it could check that but it
doesn't look like there's anything wrong
with it and all the lawyers are all
connected so I guess we could run a
whole meter on it just to see but I'll
show you what I got
let me get her done
okay so this was our problem pulled it
all apart replace that wire and clean
the terminals and now everything seems
to be working okay except for a first
speed there's nothing there
but there is a low speed which seems to
be running all the time the second speed
works and the high speed works I don't
know what would be the problem with the
low speed but everything seems to be
working good up until that point here we
go all back together again and still
running thank you
and this wire right here goes to my air
conditioner now if you want to save fuel
from what I understand it takes 10
horsepower to run an air conditioner so
if you can put up with a little bit of
heat you can save yourself some money on
fuel there we go